README.md, before:

# promo-cp
A simple CLI program to find promotional tickets in cp.pt

## Getting Started

These instructions will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine. This program was developed and tested on a macOS High Sierra, using python 3.6.5.

### Prerequisites

* Python 3 (developed using python 3.6.5). Check with `python --version` or `python3 --version`.
* [Chromedriver](http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) - The web driver used. Ensure that chromedriver is in your path.

### Installing

There is an install.sh script that will start a virtual environment (venv) and install the project's dependencies, selenium and bs4. Using this script:

1. Run the install script: `./install.sh`
1. Activate the virtual environment: `source venv/bin/activate`. To stop using the venv type `deactivate`.

### Running

The program will request a search for each applicable day on cp.pt website, using the parameters specified (e.g. origin station and destination) and, after submitting a new search for each day, will print all promotional tickets found that match the specified filters.

1. You can try the program using default parameters with the command `python promo`.
1. You can check the available options and example usage with `python promo -h`.

## Built With

* [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - The IDE used
* [Selenium package for python](https://pypi.org/project/selenium/) - Python language bindings for Selenium WebDriver
* [Chromedriver](http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) - WebDriver for Chrome

## Authors

* **Joao Dias** - *Initial work* - [jpdias92](https://github.com/jpdias92)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details

Commit message:

Update README after last changes to run inside a Docker container

README.md, after:

# promo-cp
A simple CLI program to find promotional tickets in cp.pt

## Getting Started

Below are presented 2 alternative methods to use this program.

The first one will run the program inside a docker container and is the recommended way to use this program, since you don't have to care about meeting dependencies locally, other than having Docker installed.

The second method will get you a copy of the project up and running on your local machine. This program was developed and tested on a macOS High Sierra, using python 3.6.5.

About the usage of this program, it will request a search for each applicable day on cp.pt website, using the parameters specified (e.g. origin station and destination) and, after submitting a new search for each day, will print all promotional tickets found that match the specified filters.

### Method 1 - Running inside docker container

#### Prerequisites
* Install [Docker](https://www.docker.com/) for your OS.

#### Running

1. Build an image from the Dockerfile with the command `docker build -t promo-cp .`
1. Run the image you built on last step with `docker run -it promo-cp`.
1. You can check the available options and example usage with `docker run promo-cp -h`.


### Method 2 - Running locally

#### Prerequisites
* Python 3 (developed using python 3.6.5). Check with `python --version` or `python3 --version`.
* [Chromedriver](http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) - The web driver used. Ensure that chromedriver is in your path.
* [Google Chrome](https://www.google.com/chrome/).

#### Installing
There is an install.sh script that will start a virtual environment (venv) and install the project's dependencies, selenium and bs4. Using this script:

1. Run the install script: `./install.sh`
1. Activate the virtual environment: `source venv/bin/activate`. To stop using the venv type `deactivate`.

#### Running

1. You can try the program using default parameters with the command `python promo_cp.py`.
1. You can check the available options and example usage with `python promo -h`.


## Built With

* [PyCharm](https://www.jetbrains.com/pycharm/) - The IDE used
* [Selenium package for python](https://pypi.org/project/selenium/) - Python language bindings for Selenium WebDriver
* [Chromedriver](http://chromedriver.chromium.org/downloads) - WebDriver for Chrome
* [Docker](https://www.docker.com/)

## Authors

* **Joao Dias** - *Initial work* - [jpdias92](https://github.com/jpdias92)

## License

This project is licensed under the MIT License - see the [LICENSE.md](LICENSE.md) file for details
